Update central token related content (#8827)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/ballerina-central/publish-packages-to-ballerina-central.md

2. Navigate to the <a href="https://central.ballerina.io/dashboard?tab=token" target="_blank">Dashboard</a> and acquire an access token.

3. Download and place the `Settings.toml` file in your home repository (`<USER_HOME>/.ballerina/`). If you already have a `Settings.toml` file configured in your home repository, follow the other option and copy the access token into the `Settings.toml` as follows.

    ```Toml
    [central]
    accesstoken="<token>"
    ```

> Note: These generated tokens are valid only for one year from the generation date. Upon the expiration of the token, a new token should be generated, and `Settings.toml` should be updated with it. Otherwise, you may get an error related to unauthorized access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: These generated tokens are valid only for one year from the generation date. Upon the expiration of the token, a new token should be generated, and `Settings.toml` should be updated with it. Otherwise, you may get an error related to unauthorized access.
```

Pls check if this is the way we add notes.

> > **Note:** These generated tokens are valid only for one year from the generation date. Upon the expiration of the token, a new token should be generated, and `Settings.toml` should be updated with it. Otherwise, you may get an error related to unauthorized access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The tokens generated are valid for one year from the generation date. Upon expiration, you must generate a new token and update the `Settings.toml` file to avoid unauthorized access errors.
```

> 3. Download and place the `Settings.toml` file in your home repository (`<USER_HOME>/.ballerina/`). If you already have a `Settings.toml` file configured in your home repository, follow the other option and copy the access token into the `Settings.toml`. 

Reviewer 3: We can also show how the token should be placed in the file as well don't you think?
```
[central]
accesstoken="<token>"
```
So even a first time user would know how to record a token

> Note :  These generated tokens are valid only for an year from the generation. Upon the expiration of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note :  These generated tokens are valid only for a year from the generation. Upon the expiration of
```

the token, a new token should be generated and `Settings.toml` should be updated with it. Otherwise, you

> may get any error related to unauthorised access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
may get an unauthorized access error.
```

Reviewer 4: My suggestion : 

Note: These generated tokens are valid only for one year from the generation date. Upon the expiration of the token, a new token should be generated, and Settings.toml should be updated with it. Otherwise, you may get an error related to unauthorised access.

Reviewer 4: Still not addressed?

Author: Addressed now

### Configure proxy settings (optional)

> If you are connected to the internet via an HTTP proxy, you need to configure it in the `Settings.toml` file to carry out the Ballerina Central related operations such as publishing a package, pulling a package or resolving packages. Add the following section to `Settings.toml`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are connected to the internet via an HTTP proxy, you need to configure it in the `Settings.toml` file to carry out the Ballerina Central related operations such as publishing a package, pulling a package or resolving packages. 

#### Add the following section to `Settings.toml`.
```
Wouldn't this be better?

Reviewer 3: Also, on line 93,
```
##### Add necessary certificates to the truststore
```
IINM, should be
```
#### Add necessary certificates to the truststore
```

Author: This proxy-related content has been moved to a separate page.
